fix(fetch): use undici to set global proxy dispatcher (#2737)
promptfoo/promptfoo: site/docs/red-team/troubleshooting/remote-generation.md

   - Mobile hotspot
   - Development environment outside corporate network

> 3. **Configure Proxy**: If you need to use a corporate proxy, you can configure it using environment variables. Promptfoo uses [proxy-agent](https://www.npmjs.com/package/undici) to handle proxy configuration. It automatically detects and uses standard proxy environment variables. The proxy URL format is: `[protocol://][user:password@]host[:port]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Configure Proxy**: If you need to use a corporate proxy, you can configure it using environment variables. Promptfoo uses Node.js's [Unidici](https://undici.nodejs.org/#/docs/api/ProxyAgent.md) to handle proxy configuration. It automatically detects and uses standard proxy environment variables. The proxy URL format is: `[protocol://][user:password@]host[:port]`
```
